# IS218
My Program is a game character selection screen and an encounter with the enemy. The enemy will always be the class the player does not select. The player wins the game by killing the opponent. The opponent’s action is determined by random but the player is allowed to choose what action he makes. The actions are block, attack, or counter. Attack will deal damage if the opponent blocks or attacks. The counter will cause damage against a block. The Block will stop an attack.
Encapsulation is when a onbject keeps information hidden from the reset of the program. An example of this is in the Character class. The character class includes the isdead() method. This allows the Main class to be able to see if a player or opponent has 0 or less life without having access direct access to the characters health.  
Abstraction only shows the info that is needed for the user to use a program without having to show how it works. The games allow people to make depictions without having to see how the opponent makes his decision. All the player needs to know for the opponent to make a decision is to make your own decision there is no need to know about random number generators
Inheritance is when a new class gets all the same fields as another class known as the parent class. In this game the parent class is Character. Both the soldier and wizard class inherit methods and variables from the Character class. This Ensures that each player and the opponents will for example have an isdead method. This ensures that a character can always die.
Polymorphism is an important part of inheritance. Sometimes a class needs to use a method of the same name it inherited but modified. Polymorphism allows child classes to override methods of the parent class. In the game each type of character needs to be able to attack but they have to use different stats to attack. Polymorphism allows the to have the same attack method as the solider but to use intelligence to attack rather than the attack stat.   
